when I first heard about boneless
chicken wings I was like how the heck
did they do that then I saw a boneless
chicken wing and I'm like nope that's a
chicken nugget
so the boneless wing is basically a
small chicken tender but bigger than
popcorn chicken big without chicken lean
meat and pays nothing like a chicken
wing but that's okay because they're
amazing to start cut up some chicken
breast meat once in half the long way
and then slice the other way into
squares then sew your chicken in a brine
solution which is a combination of water
sugar and salt for six hours you're
strapped for time and things tasting
good isn't a priority you can skip this
step now combine the following dry
ingredients into a shallow bowl the
secret here is using the cornstarch
which will make a more protective crispy
coating a similar texture you see with
General Tso's chicken the wet
ingredients is a standard ratio of egg
milk and water for our wing sauce most
common folk also known as plebeians just
add butter to their favorite hot sauce
but Applebee's has a much thicker
creamier consistency so if you don't
want that watered-down oily look add the
ingredients listed along with cornstarch
to thicken it up make sure you whisk
thoroughly on medium heat until
everything dissolves and get a nice
creamy thick texture as shown tastes
like a puppy to me mmm now take your
chicken from the brine and toss into
your flour coat it well and then toss it
into your egg wash and we're gonna do
this twice to get a thick coating one of
the tricks of the breading station is to
keep your dry hand dry and your wet hand
wet over gloves now fry these guys for
four minutes to get it partially fried
and right before serving give it an
additional two minutes for that extra
crispy exterior oh my god I want to rub
these on my face okay now once you pour
the sauce into a big bowl as seen in
this video several times already because
I like how it looks
toss your chicken into this mixture
until fully coated good now just grab
some of your favorite blue cheese
dressing and then add chunks of
gorgonzola into it mix it and you got
yourself chunky blue cheese serve your
chicken on a white plate because any
color would be ridiculous pour that
crumbly blue cheese mixture into a black
ramekin that you borrowed from
Applebee's add some celery stalks you've
got yourself boneless buffalo wings just
like you can get at the restaurant
except not dried out and sitting under a
heat lamp for 30 minutes oh my god
where's our waitress we open this bottle
Bombay Sapphire Thank You Leah pour
something I monitor my snow too much
more okay a little bit wow I love this
healthy junk food glass all right you
want to know why we get bones wings
because there was half off at the beach
after 9 p.m. that's turned a weekday
there's always great deals that good
they smell like down there yeah what are
you bloody mary' I mean I know you don't
think Bloody Mary without me soon okay
oh look at this look at the texture on
this thing it's just it's perfect
yes sure when I was making the sauce I
told you all earlier this smells like
Apple B sauce you wanna grab a fork and
grab one i cutting mine in half i know
that's ridiculous
do I want to or no I love chicken I'm
going in one bite for the health of it
this is exactly what we always create
when I go to Applebee's spa you guys
have to you have to make these at home
all right
I'm the realsies do you have anything
that you change I have no objection I
almost feel like I'm gonna Applebee's
you know - the fact that we got served
on time we have a great service
Applebee's yes all right guys check out
this related video and make sure to
check out this other one over here you
know I'm good
check out those related videos and
subscribe make sure to hit the subscribe
or fight me